add use case section to ITE-9 (#39)
in-toto/ITE: ITE/9/README.adoc

This section must discuss at a high level the reason for creating the new attestation type. Essentially, it describes the problems that can be solved using the new attestation.

> ==== Use case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Use Cases
```

> This section must discuss the use case that will be solved by this predicate and how the current predicate types (if any) do not solve this.

Reviewer 2: I think "solved" is probably too strong a word here (but also adding a little more concreteness).

```suggestion
This section must discuss at least one concrete use case that will be covered by this predicate and how the current predicate types (if any) do not solve this.
```

> This section must discuss at least one concrete use case that will be covered by this predicate and how the current predicate types (if any) do not solve this.

Reviewer 3: Is this a note to self? If so, maybe mark as `TODO` or `FIXME`?

Author: No this is a new section in the ITE-9

Reviewer: It's a description of expected fields in a predicate proposal.

Reviewer: On that note, should we combine `Purpose` and `Use Cases` into one?

Reviewer: > On that note, should we combine Purpose and Use Cases into one?

Actually, I think while they're related, it's fine to have them separate at slightly different levels of detail.
